Task 1: DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING WINDOWS 11

Step 1: I visiteed the official Microsoft website at https://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows11.

Step 2: Scroll down to the "Create Windows 11 installation media" section.

Step 3: Click on the "Download now" button to download the Windows 11 installation tool.

Step 4: Once the tool is downloaded, open the file to run the installation wizard.

Step 5: Choose to create installation media for another PC and select the USB flash drive option.

Step 6: Insert a USB flash drive with at least 16GB of storage capacity into your computer.

Step 8: I selectd the USB flash drive from the list of available drives and click "Next" to begin the download
and creation of the Windows 11 installation media.

Step 9: Once the process is complete, safely eject the USB flash drive from your computer.

Step 10: Insert the USB flash drive into my PC where you want to install Windows 11.

Step 11: I then boot up my PC and follow the on-screen instructions to install Windows 11 using the installation media.

Step 12: Completed the installation process by entering your product key, setting up your preferences, and creating a user account.

TASK 2 - INSTALLING VISUAL STUDIO CODE

Step 1: I open the Microsoft Store on my laptop.

Step 2: In the search bar at the top right corner of the Microsoft Store, i typed "Visual Studio Code" and press Enter.

Step 3: Clicked on the search result for Visual Studio Code.

Step 4: Clicked the "Get" button to start downloading and installing Visual Studio Code.

Step 5: Once the installation is complete, i opened the VS Code and set other settings and started coding.

TASK 3 :SETTING UP GITHUB

Step 1: I installed Git on both my smartphone and laptop.
Step 2: I Configure Git on my laptop and smartphone,and set up my username and email address.
Step 3: I then Verify your email address and set up your profile.
Step 4: Initialized a Git repository for my project.
Step 5: Added my project files.
Step 6: Commit your changes to the repository.
Step 8: Pushed the work done to GitHub and add the GitHub repository as a remote to my local repository.

TASK 4
Step 1: I opened MS Store to install Python then clicked on "Get"
Step 2: After installation has completed i opend Command Prompt to verify.
Step 3: Installed Python IDE.
Step 4: Installed necessary Libraries and Packages

TASK 5
Step 1: Visted https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/windows/installer/5.7.html to download MySQL
Step 2: MySQL - Run the downloaded MySQL installer.
Step 3: Started MySQL Server.
Step 4: Verified MySQL Installation on Terminal.




